When you enter a course,
you will be taken to the overview page for that course.
Here you can enter and adjust some basic information and settings for your course.
The first step is setting up your project title,
which you already entered when creating the course.
You can change this at any time.
Next,
it's recommended to add a project description to provide context for your course.
If you're designing a language course,
you may want to adjust the learning language
on the project attributes.
If you're designing a course with course specific
names for the structural elements of units,
modules,
sections,
you may want to adjust the project labels
to customize these containers.